README.md, before:

# posthtml-webp <img align="right" width="220" height="200" title="PostHTML logo" src="http://posthtml.github.io/posthtml/logo.svg">

[![NPM][npm]][npm-url]
[![Deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![Build][build]][build-badge]
[![Coverage][cover]][cover-badge]
[![Standard Code Style][style]][style-url]
[![Chat][chat]][chat-badge]

This plugin add webp supporting in your html.

Before:
``` html
<img src="image.jpg">
```

After:
``` html
<picture>
    <source type="image/webp" srcset="image.jpg.webp">
    <img src="image.jpg">
</picture>
```

## Install

> npm i posthtml posthtml-webp

## Usage

``` js
const fs = require('fs');
const posthtml = require('posthtml');
const posthtmlWebp = require('posthtml-webp');

posthtml()
    .use(posthtmlWebp())
    .process(html/*, options */)
    .then(result => fs.writeFileSync('./after.html', result.html));
```

### License [MIT](LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/posthtml-webp.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/posthtml-webp

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp

[style]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-yellow.svg
[style-url]: http://standardjs.com/

[build]: https://travis-ci.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp.svg?branch=master
[build-badge]: https://travis-ci.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp?branch=master

[cover]: https://coveralls.io/repos/posthtml/posthtml-webp/badge.svg?branch=master
[cover-badge]: https://coveralls.io/r/posthtml/posthtml-webp?branch=master

[chat]: https://badges.gitter.im/posthtml/posthtml.svg
[chat-badge]: https://gitter.im/posthtml/posthtml?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge"

Commit message:

feat: Replace file extension instead of appending .webp

README.md, after:

# posthtml-webp <img align="right" width="220" height="200" title="PostHTML logo" src="http://posthtml.github.io/posthtml/logo.svg">

[![NPM][npm]][npm-url]
[![Deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![Build][build]][build-badge]
[![Coverage][cover]][cover-badge]
[![Standard Code Style][style]][style-url]
[![Chat][chat]][chat-badge]

This plugin add webp supporting in your html.

Before:
``` html
<img src="image.jpg">
```

After:
``` html
<picture>
    <source type="image/webp" srcset="image.jpg.webp">
    <img src="image.jpg">
</picture>
```

## Install

> npm i posthtml posthtml-webp

## Plugin options
`replaceExtension` (boolean)

**Default:** false

Replace the extension of the source image with .webp instead of appending .webp to the original filename

**Example**: image.jpg => image.webp (instead of image.jpg.webp)

## Usage

``` js
const fs = require('fs');
const posthtml = require('posthtml');
const posthtmlWebp = require('posthtml-webp');

posthtml()
    .use(posthtmlWebp(/* Plugin options */))
    .process(html/*, options */)
    .then(result => fs.writeFileSync('./after.html', result.html));
```

### License [MIT](LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/posthtml-webp.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/posthtml-webp

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp

[style]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-yellow.svg
[style-url]: http://standardjs.com/

[build]: https://travis-ci.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp.svg?branch=master
[build-badge]: https://travis-ci.org/posthtml/posthtml-webp?branch=master

[cover]: https://coveralls.io/repos/posthtml/posthtml-webp/badge.svg?branch=master
[cover-badge]: https://coveralls.io/r/posthtml/posthtml-webp?branch=master

[chat]: https://badges.gitter.im/posthtml/posthtml.svg
[chat-badge]: https://gitter.im/posthtml/posthtml?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge"
